Adding  docs for the `k6/experimental/websockets` module (#933)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/03 websockets/10 WebSocket/30-WebSocket-onmessage.md

---
title: 'WebSocket.onmessage(callback)'
excerpt: 'Set up a callback function for message event WebSocket.'
---

> Set up a callback function for WebSocket connection `message` event. That way you can set up the only handler for the `message` event. If you want to have simultaneously multiple event handlers, please use [`WebSocket.addEventHandler()`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up a callback function for WebSocket connection `message` event.
This way, you can set up the only handler for the `message` event.
For multiple, simultaneous event handlers, use [`WebSocket.addEventHandler()`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener).
```

| Parameter | Type     | Description                                  |
| --------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| callback  | function | The function to call when the event happens. |

### Example

> _A k6 script that will initiate WebSocket connection and setups a handler for the `message` event._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_A k6 script that initiates a WebSocket connection and sets up a handler for the `message` event._
```

---
title: 'WebSocket.onmessage(callback)'
excerpt: 'Set up a callback function for message event WebSocket.'
---

Set a callback function as a handler for a WebSocket connection `message` event.

> For multiple, simultaneous event handlers, use [`WebSocket.addEventHandler()`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For multiple, simultaneous event handlers, use [`WebSocket.addEventListener()`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener).
```

There are a couple of other pages that also have this issue.

| Parameter | Type     | Description                                  |
| --------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| callback  | function | The function to call when the event happens. |

### Example

_A k6 script that initiates a WebSocket connection and sets up a handler for the `message` event._

<CodeGroup labels={["example-websocket-onmessage.js"]} lineNumbers={[]} showCopyButton={[true]}>

```javascript
import { WebSocket } from 'k6/experimental/websockets';

export default function () {
  const ws = new WebSocket('ws://localhost:10000');

>   ws.onmessage = (data) => {

Reviewer 2: I'm confused by the title of this page, `WebSocket.onmessage(callback)`, and this example. The title implies that `onmessage()` should be a function that receives a callback, but here we setting a function that receives the message data. I realize that this itself is the callback, but the way it's referred to in the title is confusing. The Parameter table is also confusing, since there's no `callback` parameter here.

For example, [MDN documents this](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket/message_event) as being a handler for the `message` event. There's no mention of "callbacks". So I think we should also refer to these as event handlers instead.

Same applies for the other `.on*` pages.

Author: Sure, I'll change it to the handler everywhere  :+1:
